
The previous two challenges have had the characters taking turns directly. But instead of characters
deciding actions, the player controlling the character’s team should pick the action for each character.
Eventually, there will be several action types to choose from (do nothing, attack, use item, etc.). There
will also be multiple player types (computer/AI and human input from the console window). A player is
responsible for picking an action for each character in their party. The game should ask the players to
choose the action rather than asking the characters to act for themselves.
For now, the only action type will be a do-nothing action, and the only player type will be a computer player.

This challenge does not demand that you add new externally visible capabilities but make any needed
changes to allow the game to work as described above, with players choosing actions instead of
characters. If you are confident your design already supports this, claim the XP now and move on.

Objectives:
[X] The game needs to be able to represent action types. Each action should be able to run when asked.

[X] The game needs to include a do-nothing action, which displays the same text as in previous
challenges (for example, “SKELETON did NOTHING.”)

[X] The game needs to be able to represent different player types. A player needs the ability to pick an
action for a character they control, given the battle’s current state.

[X] The game needs a sole player type: a computer player (a simple AI of sorts). For now, the computer
player will simply pick the one available option: do nothing (and optionally wait a bit first with Thread.Sleep).

[X] The game must know which player controls each party to ask the correct player to pick each character’s action.
Set up the game to ask the player to select an action for each of their characters and then run the chosen action.

[X] Put a simple computer player in charge of each party.

	Note: To somebody watching, the end result of this challenge may look identical to before this challenge.